This spacious stunning Edwardian semi-detached house is stylishly presented throughout with a lovely patio and garden. The layout of the house has been designed to maximise proportions and is arranged over three floors.
The front of the house offers a fabulous landscaped garden with parking for one car and a path leading to the original, stained glass front door. The property has recently been re-pointed in the original style.
Once inside, you are greeted by an impressively large entrance hall which benefits from the original black and white encaustic mosaic floor, feature archway, original fireplace and high ceilings retaining the original cornicing.
These exemplify the period features which have been enhanced and restored throughout the house.
The traditional double reception/family room features the original Edwardian mantle, wooden floorboards, double height ceilings, original cornicing and large sash windows. The adjoining family room offers a superb and light entertaining
space.
The kitchen/dining room is a stunning feature of the house providing lateral space spanning across the entire rear of the property , overlooking and providing access to the patio and garden. There is also a downstairs cloakroom.
The first floor includes a huge master bedroom with ensuite shower room and an adjoining single bedroom. There are two further double bedrooms, with fireplaces and a family bathroom with a his and hers vanity sink. There is also a spacious walk-in utility room on this floor.
On the Second floor there is a family bathroom and two more double bedrooms. Both offer built in wardrobes, a vast amount of eaves storage space and integral air-conditioning.
The eaves at the front of the house has been converted to provide a secret playroom for children. Bedroom 4 also benefits from a light well which floods the top floor with an abundance of natural daylight.
Further benefits include natural décor throughout creating a light and airy feel, off-street parking for one car and a downstairs cloakroom/WC.
