This cleverly configured three-bedroom house in West Ealing, represents the harmonious union of classic and contemporary architectural styles across 1,501 sq ft. The result is a house which offers all of the intimacy and warmth of a traditional British home with a modern sense of space and light.
Designed by Peter Lunter of Building Designs architectural practice, and styled by SMÅKK, the house was formerly arranged as a two-up, two-down. During recent renovations, it was extended and entirely reconfigured, to include a large open-plan kitchen and dining room at the rear. This area has a large skylight above and polished concrete underfoot, which continues out, via sliding glazed doors, to an expansive garden with young red robin trees, a lateral pond, paved dining area, and a large storage shed.
The kitchen itself has a wonderful exposed brick wall, as well as worktops in Belgian Bluestone and micro-concrete. Oak parquet and floorboards run from the kitchen across the remainder of this floor. A comfortable living room with original fireplace has been relocated to the front of the house and there is also a family bathroom on this floor with a beautiful free-standing Victorian bath.
Extending the house laterally necessitated the design of a custom-made staircase, which is complemented by a double-height frosted window, drawing light into the entrance hall and up, across the landing. The master bedroom at the front of the house on this level has a beautiful single pitched ceiling, extending to nearly three metres at its apex. The sense of space created is a welcome counterpoint to the unassuming facade at street level.
The bathroom has a custom-made cast concrete sink, Dornbracht taps in black and Domus tiles throughout. Further light flows down into this room from a skylight above. Two further bedrooms share an exposed-brick wall, which was salvaged during the renovations. They are positioned side by side at the rear of the house and have lovely views of the garden. The house has Nest-controlled underfloor heating throughout and all sash windows are double-glazed.
